[Doc] Add note for docker compose users about mounting volume for grafana prometheus config (#37289)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/metrics.md

See [these instructions](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer-mh40616/mac) for how to override the restriction and install or run the application.

#### Loading Ray Prometheus configurations with Docker Compose

> In the Ray container, the symbolic link "/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics" points to the latest active Ray session. However, Docker does not support the mounting of symbolic links on shared volumes and you may fail to load the Prometheus and Grafana configuration files and default dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Ray container, the symbolic link "/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics" points to the latest active Ray session. However, Docker does not support the mounting of symbolic links on shared volumes and you may fail to load the Prometheus configuration files.
```

> To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the Prometheus configurations from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective path for the container, which contains the recommended configurations to initiate the Prometheus servers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the Prometheus configurations from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume mount the shared volume on the respective path for the container, which contains the recommended configurations to initiate the Prometheus servers.
```

Author: I think it should be
```
To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the Prometheus configurations from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, mount the shared volume on the respective path for the container, which contains the recommended configurations to initiate the Prometheus servers.
```
There's an extra "the shared volume" before the newly suggested text
would help if you could change the suggestion , ill commit it.

> To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the Prometheus configurations from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective paths for the containers, which contains the recommended configurations to initiate the Prometheus servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the Prometheus configurations from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective path for the container, which contains the recommended configurations to initiate the Prometheus servers.
```

> To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the necessary Grafana and Prometheus configurations and dashboards from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective paths for the containers, which contains the recommended configurations and default dashboards to initiate the Prometheus and Grafana servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the Prometheus configurations from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective paths for the containers, which contains the recommended configurations to initiate the Prometheus servers.
```

2. **Recommended**: Use Ray Dashboard which embeds Grafana visualizations and look at metrics together with logs, Job info and so on in a single pane of glass.
3. **Manual**: Set up Grafana or other tools like CloudWatch, Cloud Monitoring, and Datadog from scratch.

> ```{admonition} Note

Reviewer: Can we add this as a troubleshooting tip and include this tip in both Prometheus and Grafana troubleshooting sections?

Something like 

>  **Troubleshooting: Loading Ray configurations with Docker Compose**
> In the Ray container, the symbolic link "/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics" points to the latest active Ray session. However, Docker does not support the mounting of symbolic links on shared volumes and you may fail to load the Prometheus and Grafana configuration files and default dashboards.
>
>To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the necessary Grafana and Prometheus configurations and dashboards from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective paths for the containers, which contains the recommended configurations and default dashboards to initiate the Prometheus and Grafana servers.

Author: Sure

![grafana login](images/graphs.png)

> **Troubleshooting: Using Ray configurations in Grafana with Homebrew on macOS X**

Reviewer 3: Thanks for merging master again, it looks like the same test failed again.  It's probably due to some other issue in the file, but I have no idea what it is and we can't merge the PR with the test failing.  Because the error involves "header", I'm going to suggest using `** **` instead of `#` headers on the changed lines as a workaround, just to see if the error goes away so we can unblock this PR... do you mind giving it a shot?

Author: @architkulkarni this fixed the issue ! There are stil some other tests failing though , one looks like a timeout issue and other is validating url redirections. I think they are unrelated to this commit. Can you check and confirm once as well?

You can then start or restart the services with `brew services start grafana` and `brew services start prometheus`.

#### Loading Ray Grafana configurations with Docker Compose

> In the Ray container, the symbolic link "/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics" points to the latest active Ray session. However, Docker does not support the mounting of symbolic links on shared volumes and you may fail to load the Prometheus and Grafana configuration files and default dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Ray container, the symbolic link "/tmp/ray/session_latest/metrics" points to the latest active Ray session. However, Docker does not support the mounting of symbolic links on shared volumes and you may fail to load the Grafana configuration files and default dashboards.
```

> To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the necessary Grafana configurations and dashboards from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective path for the container, which contains the recommended configurations and default dashboards to initiate Grafana servers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the necessary Grafana configurations and dashboards from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, mount the shared volume on the respective path for the container, which contains the recommended configurations and default dashboards to initiate Grafana servers.
```

> To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the necessary Grafana and Prometheus configurations and dashboards from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective paths for the containers, which contains the recommended configurations and default dashboards to initiate the Prometheus and Grafana servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, employ an automated shell script for seamlessly transferring the necessary Grafana configurations and dashboards from the Ray container to a shared volume. To ensure a proper setup, the shared volume should be mounted on the respective path for the container, which contains the recommended configurations and default dashboards to initiate Grafana servers.
```
